Hello,

My name is Alexander and I unite the languages of the world. I currently read and write in 103 languages and speak fluently in 94 of them. In the Kingdom there are a few tools.

The menu:
The secret to building a great Kingdom is in the foundations.
In the menu you will see two options: File and Preferences. Both may be detached outside the Kingdom by clicking the ----- item at the top of each menu.

In the File menu you will find 3 options: Save, which saves the text in the text box as a .txt file in the location you chose, Open, which allows you to import .txt files to the text box, Exit, which closes the window to my Kingdom.

In the Prefrences menu you will find a Day and Night mode, which changes window color from a black based theme to a white based theme.

The language selection box:
Here you can change the language to the one you would like. Simply select the language you wish to translate to. I can write in every language available, I cannot speak Georgian, Hausa, Hebrew, Igbo, Kurdish, Odia, Yiddish, or Yoruba.

The text box:
The largest feature in my Kingdom is the text box. 
Here you can type in a word or phrase in any language available in the language box. I can read almost any type of text so you may translate the same phrase multiple times through multiple languages. You may not enter more than 15,000 characters in text box.

The Star button:
 After selecting your language in the language selection box and typing in your text in the text box you may then click the top button (Star button) to request a translation. The translation will then replace original text.
 
 The repeat button:
 The repeat button is the middle button. You may push this at any time to hear the last requested phrase. I will remember your phrase every time, even as you come and go.
 
 The record button:
 The bottom button is the record button. It is not possible to determine how fast your computer can start the recording process which may lead to difficulty in knowing when to begin speaking. 

 The first time you use this feature it is recommended that  you count slowly from 1 to 10. Try this and make a note of which numbers appear most frequently-  this is how long you should wait to speak after pushing the record button.
 If the button appears as if it is pressed down then the translation is loading, please give time to load.
 
 Enjoy using Alexander and please feel free to give us any feedback @contact.bone.m@protonmail.com. Now your ready to embark on your journey around the Kingdom of languages!
